Clauses docs (#353)
neo4j/cypher-builder: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/clauses/return.adoc

[[return]]
:description: This page describes how to create `RETURN` clauses.
= Return

This page describes how to create a link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/clauses/return/[`RETURN`] clause with the `Cypher.Return` class.

> Return clauses can be created with `new Cypher.Return`, but more often they are created after existing clause, such as `MATCH` by using the method `.return`. In both cases, the return variables can be passed as parameters: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return clauses can be created with `new Cypher.Return`, but more commonly they are created after an existing clause, such as `MATCH`, by using the method `.return`.
In both cases, the return variables can be passed as parameters: 
```

[source, javascript]
----
const node = new Cypher.Node();
const returnQuery = new Cypher.Return(node, new Cypher.Literal(10));
----

> This would generate the following `RETURN` clause:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generates the following `RETURN` clause:
```

[source, cypher]
----
RETURN this0, 10
----

> Any expression can be passed to return, such as functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any expression can be passed to return, for example a function:
```

[source, javascript]
----
const returnQuery = new Cypher.Return(Cypher.round(new Cypher.Param(2.3)));
----

> Which would translate to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which translates to:
```

[source, cypher]
----
RETURN round($param1)
----

## Aliasing results

> Results can be aliased by using an array with 2 elements, the variable, and the aliased name, which can be a string or variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Results can be aliased by using an array with two elements - the variable and the aliased name, which can be a string or a variable:
```

double-check if this matches the intended meaning, not 100% sure

[source, javascript]
----
const node = new Cypher.Node();
const returnQuery = new Cypher.Return([node, "my-node"]);
----

> This would generate the following clause:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generates the following clause:
```

[source, cypher]
----
RETURN this0 AS my-node
----

## Unique results

`DISTINCT` can be added to `RETURN` by using the `.distinct` method:

[source, javascript]
----
const returnQuery = new Cypher.Return(node).distinct();
----

> This would generate the following clause:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generates the following clause:
```
